1. Squier Bullet Mustang

100% Designed by Fender
Dual humbucking pickups
Thin and lightweight body
6-saddle hardtail bridge
Satin neck finish

2. Gretsch G5222 Electromatic Double Jet

Double-cut chambered mahogany body with arched maple top
Lower set mahogany neck for effortless access and performance
12”-radius laurel fingerboard with 22 medium jumbo frets and pearloid Neo-Classic™ inlays
Black Top Broad’Tron™ pickups
Master volume with treble bleed circuit, master tone, bridge pickup volume control, neck pickup volume control and three-position toggle switch
Anchored Adjusto-Matic™ bridge
V-Stoptail
Black pickguard
Chrome hardware

3. PRS SE Custom 24

The SE Custom 24 brings the original PRS design platform to the high-quality, more affordable SE line up of instruments. Played by internationally touring artists, gigging musicians, and aspiring players, the SE Custom 24 features a maple top, mahogany back, wide thin maple neck, rosewood fretboard with bird inlays, and the PRS patented molded tremolo bridge. Its versatile sounds come from the 85/15 “S” pickups paired with a volume, push/pull tone control, and 3-way blade pickup selector.

The SE Custom 24 is a modern classic with roadworthy durability, addictive playability, and wide array of tones, making it a perfect workhorse guitar.

4. Martin LX1E Little Martin

Handmade with heavy-duty materials, time-tested styles, and innovative designs, the Little Martin Series delivers classic acoustic guitars that any musician will love to play. These models are made from sustainable wood certified parts and are available in a variety of different wood types, so you can find the solid wood guitar that works best for your playing style and music type—rock, country, folk, bluegrass, jazz, pop, and much more.Our Little Martin series guitars are ideal for beginners and a terrific student model for all ages and ability levels. The smaller acoustic guitar body makes it an ideal travel guitar. Take it along to a fireside jam by the lake, or practice just about anywhere. Each model delivers distinct features that add personality, performance, and playability to your instrument collection. It is an ideal starter guitar for kids, teens, or adults who want a solid acoustic guitar they can treasure for years to come.For nearly two centuries, Martin has been producing premium gear for musical artists across the globe. Martin's superior guitar and string products remain the choice for musicians around the world for their unrivaled quality, craftsmanship, and tone. Still handmade. Still the standard. Martin guitars are the real deal—not an imitation.

5. Epiphone Thunderbird Vintage Pro

The Epiphone Thunderbird™ 60s Bass is an incredibly accurate reproduction of the classic electric bass first introduced in 1963 that has since powered dozens of hits by artists like The Who, Lynyrd Skynyrd, and Cheap Trick. Featuring new ProBucker™ Bass Humbuckers™ and a vintage styled 60s Thunderbird Tune-O-Matic™ bridge and Claw tailpiece. Available in Alpine White, Ebony, and Tobacco Sunburst. (Previously called Thunderbird Vintage PRO)



